# Introduction to the test
Three grids with different figures inside will appear. Each grid will appear for 20 seconds, following by five questions. Try best to memorise the position, color, shape of figures in the grid and answer questions.
The result will be dependent on the average time consumed and the accuracy.
To start the test, you need to click on the run cell icon - the triangle in the toolbar or from the menu under Run>Run All Cells. Then scroll down to the bottom of all of the code, and you can then take the test. Follow the instructions in the test and enjoy!
# How to find information you need?
1. File "memory_v1" is the version I used to collect the data. Not just age, gender, drink, accuracy, time. But also each answer to each question. However, it only works occasionally (the same code sometimes returns True and send to google successfully, sometimes returns False and cannot send to google), if all answers are included in the dictionary. When cut off these answer information in the dictionary, it works fine (as you can see in the file "memory_v2". So, if you want to access the collected data, please use the Google form URL in the "memory_collection", instead of "memory_v2", as v1 and v2 lead to two different google forms.
2. File "memory_v2" is the version I made it efficient for data collection and better in terms of clarity. Specifically, first we only allow users to enter upercase 4 letters as their ID and lowercase male/female as their gender. This helps data collecting and analysis. Second, the code has been fragemented for clarity and better user experience in this sequence: 1.Import 2. Function for buttons 3. Disclaimer 4. Request ID, gender, drink, etc 5. Run the test. 6. A big improvement is that I provide a Dataframe using PANDA to users after they answering all the questions.
3. The three images are the grids appearing in the test.
# Again Please Note
"memory_v1" occasionally returns False when sending data to the google form. This is not the coding issue, but the interaction between the jupiter and google form. This has caused some issue when collecting dta for memory tests. But, sometimes, it works successfully. Then we can use these data for analysis, even if the number of them are much fewer than expected (sample number). If you want to see the successful example of uploading data to google form, you can check "memory_v2". But this was not the file I used to collect the data. So, I believe the "memory_v1" does not always work, because of some panel interaction issues between Jupiter, google forms.
